Dad, you can win 100 million in this lottery.
You must give birth
Don't be taken away
Ok ok I will give birth well
Today is your birthday
Dad will take you to eat delicious food
Let's have a meal, let's go
Sir, what would you like to eat?
I'll tell you what.
You don't have much time left.
Get your daughter back quickly
How blind
It's all on Lao Tzu's clothes
Dr. Xiaojuan
How did that happen?
Why are you trash again?
I'm so damn unlucky
I can meet you anywhere
Xie Tiancheng
Liu Sisi Song Yang
What are you, a migrant worker, doing here?
Hey, my daughter came over for dinner.
What's the problem?
Of course there is a problem.
You are a piece of trash, you deserve this
But it's okay.
Now that you're here
Save me from looking for you
Give me back my daughter
This vicious woman
Back then, it was for Ye Tiancheng's daughter
To poke my bone marrow
How could I be like you?
selfish
I told you you wanted my daughter. No way
What's more, you almost killed him before
Dad, let's go cash the lottery ticket
They don't dare to do this after cashing the lottery ticket. Stop
You dog
I still want to find the clothes that got my brain dirty.
Leave your daughter behind